README.md, before:

# vteam-root

This repo is for the course vteam at BTH, made by group vteam-2. The repo contains serveral submodules that together builds a complete system to for renting and managing electric scooters/bikes.

## Submodules

### server

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/quality-score.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/?branch=main)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/coverage.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/?branch=main)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/build.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/build-status/main)

This submodule contains all the code for the server and database. [Link to repo](https://github.com/JuliaLind/vteam-server)

### bike-brain

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/badges/quality-score.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/?branch=main)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/badges/build.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/build-status/main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/graph/badge.svg?token=PQLIP59BOW)](https://codecov.io/gh/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain)
[![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen)](https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint)

This submodule contains all the code for each bike, and can also be used to simulate multiple bikes using the system. [Link to repo](https://github.com/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain)

### admin-web-client

This submodule contains all the code for the admin interface. [Link to repo](https://github.com/kiwijos/admin-web-client)

### user-web-client

This submodule contains all the code for website used by users. [Link to repo](https://github.com/kiwijos/user-web-client)

### user-app-client

## Setup
See the .env.example for needed .env-variables to run the system locally. You also have to create .env-files for all the clients used in the system (admin/user/user), check what is needed in each one of these repos.

With all .env-files in place, run the repo with the following command to build all the docker-containers and start the system.

```
./setup.bash up
```

## Teardown
Just use the following command to stop the system, shut down the docker-network and remove all images that was built during setup.


```
./setup.bash down
```

Commit message:

Update README and setup.bash script for easier setup

README.md, after:

# vteam-root

This repo is for the course vteam at BTH, made by group vteam-2. The repo contains serveral submodules that together builds a complete system to for renting and managing electric scooters/bikes.

## Submodules

### server

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/quality-score.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/?branch=main)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/coverage.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/?branch=main)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/badges/build.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/JuliaLind/vteam-server/build-status/main)

This submodule contains all the code for the server and database. [Link to repo](https://github.com/JuliaLind/vteam-server)

### bike-brain

[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/badges/quality-score.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/?branch=main)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/badges/build.png?b=main)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/build-status/main)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain/graph/badge.svg?token=PQLIP59BOW)](https://codecov.io/gh/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain)
[![linting: pylint](https://img.shields.io/badge/linting-pylint-yellowgreen)](https://github.com/pylint-dev/pylint)

This submodule contains all the code for each bike, and can also be used to simulate multiple bikes using the system. [Link to repo](https://github.com/p0ntan/vteam-bike-brain)

### admin-web-client

This submodule contains all the code for the admin interface. [Link to repo](https://github.com/kiwijos/admin-web-client)

### user-web-client

This submodule contains all the code for website used by users. [Link to repo](https://github.com/kiwijos/user-web-client)

### user-app-client

## Setup
See the .env.example for needed .env-variables to run the system locally. Some of the submodules needs their own .env file, but to make it much easier for you the bashscript system.bash will take care of it for you. See the individual repos for more detail if needed. To set up the .env files and start the system run the command:

```
./setup.bash up --env
```

You can also skip the --env flag if you already have the needed .env-files and just run:

```
./setup.bash up
```

This will build all the docker-containers and start the system.

## Teardown
Just use the following command to stop the system, shut down the docker-network and remove all images that was built during setup. 

```
./setup.bash down
```
